my name is Phil Nestor we're Inga this
is the 2013 Porsche Boxster the Boxster
really helps save Porsche it just had
the 911 that was it they needed an
entry-level car the lower pricepoint the
911 was gonna be coming up for a revamp
and so what they did was they engineered
one and a half cars and so the same
front end was on the 911 and the Boxster
and they had different back ends the
Boxster was a huge success mid-engine
car gives you a trunk in the front and
the back and phenomenal handling through
the corners for 2013 there are two
engines
there is a 2.7 liter inline flat 2
6-cylinder engine it is actually called
a boxer engine which is a horizontally
opposed flat 6-cylinder engine
box of the foxiest gloves together and
they made a roadster with the boxer
engine and the name box during reform
then there is the Boxster S 3.4 liter
engine has 315 horsepower for 2013 the
Porsche Boxster has changed quite a bit
it's actually 90% re-engineered new roof
new door panels the front end is about 2
inches wider than its previously been
that wider front track is making for
better handling also more luggage
capacity up front the back end of the
vehicle has been completely redesigned
as well it's a taller back end
taillights have been redesigned where
the spoiler integrates right into the
taillight inside the vehicle the dash
has been completely redesigned it's
actually very very interesting lock
you've got the center vents that flow up
onto the dash the very front center
bottom of the windshield has been pulled
out and extended and by doing so it
gives the vehicle from a side profile
significantly more aggressive rate and
better air flow going over and by having
just the middle out the air flow also
extends around the side because they've
moved that windshield out they were able
to create a cavity in the front to put
the subwoofer for the Bose surround
sound system or the Burmaster surround
sound system and so that really gives
you a true 5.1 surround sound system as
opposed to the bass coming from the back
it's coming from the front just like it
would at your home theater there's
nothing in this market that has a
mid-engine
lay out the flat six-cylinder engine
just puts the center of gravity as low
as it possibly can to the ground
maintaining the soft top where everybody
else is going to hardtop also keeps the
weight low to the ground the Boxster
actually goes back to the original cars
that Ferdinand Porsche Design where
Porsche was born was in the mid engine
lightweight cars